Over the past few years, The Blockchain community has seen rapid development.
Since Satoshi’s Bitcoin emerged as secured, decentralized Peer-to-Peer transfer
mechanism, the concept of a decentralized crypto-currency became mainstream and
changed the world of finance forever. Ethereum then expanded on that idea with the
successful implementation of versatile "Smart Contracts,” unleashing the potential of
Blockchain into numerous applications and industries. As a result, many alternative
crypto assets were built upon these Blockchains. But the boundary between the
Blockchain community and the business world has yet to be broken. We believe we
have reached a turning point in Blockchain, with the next phase leading to the
integration of Blockchain and the physical business world, and inevitably bringing in
solid digital assets.
In order to enter the new paradigm of Blockchain, there needs to be a versatile
Operating System designed to meet commercial needs. This Chain must address
three main challenges:
1. Current Blockchains are not scalable, as the performance of one single
node/mining machine determines the performance of the whole system.
2. Current Blockchains do not segregate resources for different Smart
Contracts, which causes to interference between Smart Contract executions.
3. Current Blockchains do not have pre-defined Consensus Protocol to adopt
updates or adapt to new technology.
This white paper introduces a highly efficient Blockchain architecture that incorporates
State-of-the Art IT design principles and technologies to bring Blockchain up to a
commercial standard. We envision it creates a "Linux eco-system" for Blockchain. We
focus on defining and providing the most basic, essential and time-consuming to
develop components of the system and on making significant improvements for
existing Chains in the market. The system allows developers to customize Chains to
meet their own needs, particularly commercial requirements for various industries. It
will contain the following main features:
1. Main Chain and multi-layer Side Chains to handle various commercial
scenarios. One chain is designed for one use case, distributing different tasks
on multiple chains and improving processing efficiency
2. Communication with external Blockchain systems, such as Bitcoin and
Ethereum, via messaging
3. Parallel processing for non-competing transactions and cloud-based service
4. Basic components of minimum viable Block and Genesis Smart Contract
Collection for each Chain to reduce data complexity and achieve high
customization
5. Permission for stakeholders to approve amendments to the protocol, including
redefining the Consensus Protocol; Permission for Side Chains to join or exit
from Main Chain dynamically based on Consensus Protocol, and therefore
introduce competition and incentive to improve each Side Chain
