Before the birth of Bitcoin, global information transmission was achieved through the Internet's
TCP/IP (Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol) protocol to achieve high-speed and
low-cost transmission. But as the communication technology developed (Internet, IoT, VR / AR),
people and devices interaction methods have become more diversified and more assets are digitized
or tokenized. Simply sharing and transmission of information cannot meet the demands of economic
and social development, so when assets are digitalized or tokenized, people pay more and more
attention to value transfer and how to transfer these assets and value point-to-point.
On October 31, 2008, Satoshi Nakamoto published the first Bitcoin white paper, "Bitcoin: A
Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System", and proposed the value transfer through the decentralized
Bitcoin network. In the Bitcoin system, participants throughout the network directly control the
transactions, and both parties to the transaction can complete the transaction without establishing a
trust relationship. Blockchain technology has changed the way we acquire and share information,
creating a new distributed, peer-to-peer ecological society.
Since the Bitcoin code was open-sourced in 2009, many blockchain projects have appeared in the
community. Some projects are committed to becoming a universal smart contract and decentralized
application platform, and the blockchain industry is developing these new technologies also with an
industry application perspective. The growth of blockchain faces many challenges, which are mainly
reflected in the following aspects:
1. There is insufficient compatibility between different blockchain platforms. For example, the Bitcoin
ecosystem based on the UTXO (Unspent Transaction Output) model is not compatible with the
Ethereum ecosystem based on the Account model, and the interoperability between blockchains is
not strong;
2. On-chain governance of critical technical parameters is difficult to achieve. For most decentralized
platforms, once the mainnet deployment is completed, upgrade and governance of the blockchain is
a major problem;
3. The consensus mechanism lacks flexibility. The Proof-of-Work consensus mechanism has certain
limitations in terms of energy requirements and incentives for miners and currency holders, and there
is a risk of centralization in mining computing power;
4. Lack of new smart contract platforms. Most blockchain projects lack a connection to the real
world, limiting the wide application for various industries.
