This paper provides an overview of the Stacks 2.0 blockchain, a layer-1 blockchain that brings
smart contracts and decentralized apps to Bitcoin. We introduce the first consensus algorithm
between two blockchains. Stacks 2.0 integrates smart contracts and decentralized apps
natively with Bitcoin's security, stability, and economic power.
Blockchains are the most significant upgrade to the internet since the Web's creation over 30
years ago. For the first time, you can define and engage with digital assets using open
protocols, unlocking new business models and capabilities that were not possible before.
Bitcoin is the earliest and most secure blockchain; it provides a new type of money that cannot
be controlled or altered by any single party [1. The Bitcoin network provides the foundations
for not just the Bitcoin cryptocurrency but a general settlement protocol.
Blockchains enable new types of computer programs: (a) smart contracts that can be
published on a blockchain to execute in a trustless manner and anyone can verify their outputs,
and (b) decentralized apps that are user-owned and avoid centralized servers. Ethereum
demonstrated the power of smart-contracts, and Stacks brings these capabilities to Bitcoin.
Our thesis is that decentralized apps and use cases will eventually get built on Bitcoin, the
strongest and most widely used blockchain network, instead of disconnected networks. In the
early days of the internet, there were several competing protocols. TCP/IP emerged as the
winning standard, and everything else was built on it. Bitcoin is that standard for crypto.
Given our thesis of Bitcoin as the standard for value settlement, we have built the first
consensus algorithm between two blockchains, called Proof of Transfer (PoX, that connects
the Bitcoin and the Stacks blockchains and extends the functionality of Bitcoin. Leader election
happens on the base Bitcoin chain, and new blocks are written on the connected Stacks chain.
The Stacks 2.0 blockchain brings (a) scalable transactions and (b) general-purpose smart
contracts to Bitcoin without modifying Bitcoin. Stacks miners use Bitcoin (BTC to mine newly
minted Stacks (STX. Stacks holders can lock their STX in consensus to earn Bitcoin, making
STX a unique crypto asset that is natively priced in BTC and gives BTC earnings.
Clarity language, a secure and predictable smart contract language, goes live with Stacks 2.0
mainnet launch. It was developed by Princeton and MIT scientists over the last two years.
Clarity makes it much harder to have smart contract bugs and allows developers to write logic
around Bitcoin state directly. We believe bringing smart contracts directly to Bitcoin can make
BTC more valuable as it can be put to productive use instead of being a passively held asset.
